the entire world is a collection of
memoranda that she did exist
and that i have lost her this is our
story
tessa's and mine
we're like an addiction to each other
with equal parts pleasure
and pain you hurt me and i can't forgive
you
tessa i want another chance
[Music]
i'll try whatever it takes harden's your
son
but he is not without his challenges
[Music]
is he sorry
can you hold the elevator please ask
what
tessa welcome to vance publishing she
makes quite the impression
wow
[Music]
i didn't peg you as a bad boy type let
me ask you this
are you in love with him
you're never gonna trust me trust you
where has that ever
gotten me i thought that things were
getting better
but i don't know how to fix it
there is no you're tessa anymore
[Music]
this thing between you and hardness is
not gonna end well
whatever our souls are made of his and
might are the same
there's no one else for me tessa noah
everyone's been talking about you and
weights they're saying you toss this
salad
i mean i've never even heard of dressing
someone salad
we were only gone for like a minute yeah
it's long enough for wait
you are here as a part of god's plan
his spirit moved each of you to sign up
for this retreat
hi alice right yeah welcome
it's okay if you think things are
totally weird
i'm gonna need your cell phone and watch
you won't be needing a watch this
weekend anyway
because you're on jesus's time
see ya
alice's retreat isn't gonna do you any
favors if you're not honest
so have you ever felt turned on
[Music]
i bet you actually did toss wade salad i
don't even know what that means oh my
god quit the act
you've got mail i am friends with a
pervy psycho
oh then i'm all wet calm down gable not
that wet
yeah you know the truth is
nobody knows what they're doing any more
than the rest of us
[Music]
what are you doing
we're all hiding stuff
all kinds of stuff your body is a gift
from god you need to honor it
say jesus christ jesus christ
[Music]
you are never more alive than one year
teenager
your brain is flush with chemicals that
can turn your life
into a story of epic proportions and yet
by the start of my senior year nothing
interesting had ever happened to me
then something finally happened
hi guys come on in
grace just transferred here from east
river i think you make a truly dynamic
editor-in-chief do well
i'll help with editing and design just
not writing hey
why'd you give up writing i was asked to
write something about someone really
important to me
i just couldn't find the words it's
funny because i can't find the words
when i talk and you can't find the words
when you write
[Music]
have you ever had a girlfriend no why
not i'm not really good at this stuff
i feel like i don't know anything about
you i used to be good at socializing
what changed nine months ago a car
swerved coming around a bend and
flipped
you look um soddy i was gonna say
hot hey grace just wanna say hi
and that hope last night just kind of
meant a tiny fraction to you as it meant
to me
that was done the teenage years are
limbo is that your mom no
yeah it doesn't matter the world tells
you to express yourself but the minute
that you do it tells you to shut up just
ask her what's going on
you're right i don't know like how i'm
supposed to help i'm messing up henry
okay no it's not when you realize you
can't fix me
what's wrong it's regular stuff you are
not gonna understand we're not regular
people no are you kidding me your
relationship's been perfect since you
were like my age
[Music]
there's a reason why when every adult
talks about young people they can't
avoid the truth
stop leading me i'm confused henry i
don't know i know i've known since like
the very beginning
that being young is so painful
it's almost too much to feel
[Music]
i've robbed 12 banks in seven states
i have a little over nine million
dollars in cash
and no one knows who i am
federal bureau of investigation i want
to turn myself in
i want to make a deal what kind of deal
i hand over all the money i stole
in exchange for a reduced sentence it's
important
and what's so important about it i met a
woman
i want to be with her for the rest of my
life without lying about my past
[Music]
special agent hall this is special agent
evans where's the money
the man just telling the truth we can
take this money for ourselves
let's do it
whoa whoa i'm turning myself in fbi
open up what exactly
his real name is thomas dolan former
marine demolitions expert
we needed to come clean i'm not a bank
robber anymore but the murder one
charged for killing one of their own
feds will come after me and keep coming
if those two crooked cops are willing to
kill another agent
what are they capable of doing to you
and me
my girlfriend she had nothing to do with
this it's an evidence
i'm coming for you
do what you have to do
knowing how to blow stuff up that's uh
pretty cool
[Music]
evans i want to clear my name which
means i need a full confession from you
five four
three two
one
ready to confess
you have to keep tapping like that you
blow the stack of protoplasm
the current day examples of shows that i
think were influenced by red and stimpy
are
all of the shows why won't they leave me
random stimpy
was an anomaly in its time it was an
artist-driven show
i thought i was having an acid flashback
ren and stimpy opened the doors saying
to everyone out there no more rules
happy happy happy enjoy joy joy it's
like i'm working on a show
that is revolutionizing tv animation and
it all
emanated from john we all kind of
thought that john was gonna be
the next walt disney
people always ask me if i identify with
either the well i'm not gonna say that i
identify with an idiot
but i i guess i do identify with an app
[Music]
shows were delivering months late that
pissed off the advertisers big time
we did get death threats his behavior
got really bad
it was just like you lived in the
kingdom of john and
he's sick
is there anything you would have done
differently i shut the camera off
i'll give you a super honest answer
[Music]
pearl is a magnificent girl a 4.4 gpa
an accomplished pianist well liked by
our teachers popular with her friends
[Music]
they were fighting
and then anthony shot mom and then he
shot himself
i just wanted to offer my condolences
you know my mom
a long time ago i was crazy about her
are you my father why would you ask me
that you're not sure are you
bro i know she could be your daughter
look i don't want you to be that girl's
father to be honest i don't understand
what helen ever saw on you
pearl has gone through an incredible
trauma the winston program would only
add to her stress
i am sorry i don't think you are i've
enrolled you into local public school
winston is my school i'm not going to
watch
school now is it god i hate you it
should have been you that died
can you just give me a chance to like
learn how to do this
mom why didn't you tell me about him
since you died people have avoided me
it's like i'm damaged let's get out of
here come on
i got a job when do you leave i'm not
going anywhere
no one will ever love me that way again
i know you miss her we'll get through
this together
[Applause]
[Music]
where's the goddamn thing
who are you my name is pearl well there
goes our big payday
she's just an innocent woman we ain't
gonna sell her i think what we do
if you take me to my home there would be
a handsome reward
[Music]
this way to the brothel
gentlemen please make yourselves at home
[Laughter]
i understand there was a reward of
course
a handsome son for these handsome men
don't be afraid
what is happening
let's go
[Music]
you